h3. Homepage Organization

The SUOC home pages are organized in a tree fashion with the left side
being a navigation column containing links, with optional photo, to the
current page's child pages. The "Home" link will always be at the top of the
navigation bar. If the current page does not have any child pages, the
top level page navigation will show on the left side.

h3. Homepage Editing

If you have privileges to allow modification of the home pages, you will be
able to create pages, and organize them in a tree fashion, and add a tag
photo to the page to identify it in the left side navigation. You will
see a link under SUOC Office that will bring you to editing page. There,
you may select any page, or create one and it will bring you to the
editing window for that page.

h3. Formatting

We use "Textile" to format the home pages. If you've ever edited a Wiki
before, like Wikipedia, you get and idea of how that works. Texttile supports
a simple form as well as complex HTML. Here is a
useful link. http://hobix.com/textile

This reference will show you how to embed photos, etc. in to SUOC's
home pages.

h3. Editing

When you are editing pages, you may upload an associate a photo with the
page. This photo will show up in the sidebar navigation over a link of
the homepage name. PLEASE KEEP THE PAGE NAMES SHORT.

EVEN IF YOU UPLOAD A PHOTO, it will not take effect until you hit the "Save Changes"
button.

You may Preview the contents before you hit the "Save Changes" or "Create Page"
button. Previewing is probably a good idea.

h3. Caching Problems

This system prebuilds the pages and caches them. However, if some of the data
is supplied by internal variables from our database (if you look at the Officers
page, for example), you may end up with a caching problem, that the page doen't
appear to be updating over several clicks. To solve this problem open up the "More.."
link in the editing page, and put "nocache" in the Keywords field. This option will
cause the page to be recreated each time it is loaded.

h3. Conventions

H3 is the coolest and fits the rest of the look in feel. If
you need headers, use H3. H2 has some formating, it has a larger font than
H3, bold, and no underline. H1 doesn't do anything.

The following is a view of "h3. Example H3 header"

h3. Example H3 header

The following is a view of "h2. Example H2 header"

h2. Example H2 Header

The following is a view of "h1. Example H1 header"

h1. Example H1 Header

